Seperate docs into docs and docs-gallery (#7267)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/dev_guide/contents/newcomers.rst

.. code:: bash

    $ conda config --add channels conda-forge

>     # Note you might need to add python=<version> if a new one has come out very recently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Note you might need to add python=<version> if a new release of Python has come out very recently.
```
